Cloud Changelog - Jan 19 (#5367)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

This changelog summarizes updates to [Mattermost Cloud](https://mattermost.com/get-started/), an enterprise-grade SaaS offering hosted by Mattermost.

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:
- [Release 2022-01-19](#release-2022-01-19)
- [Release 2022-01-11](#release-2022-01-11)
- [Release 2021-12-08](#release-2021-12-08)
- [Release 2021-12-01](#release-2021-12-01)
- [Release 2021-11-23](#release-2021-11-23)
- [Release 2021-11-11](#release-2021-11-11)

## Release 2022-01-19

### Improvements

> #### User Interface (UI)

Reviewer: - Invite to team modal now auto-focuses its email search input.
 - Updated "Terms of Service" terminology to "Terms of Use" product-wide.
 - Updated **Account Settings** terminology to **Settings**.
 - Added Accept-Language header to generate link previews in the Default Server language.
 - The "Invite Members" button is now hidden when the Direct Message category is collapsed.

Reviewer: Removed items that do not impact Cloud

>  - The Renew Now button is no longer shown if the license id does not exist in the portal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The **Renew Now** button is no longer shown if the license id does not exist in the portal. Instead, **Contact Sales** is shown.
```

 - Updated the About Mattermost Team Edition modal to change the community link from `mattermost.org` to `mattermost.com/community/`.
 - Invite to team modal now auto-focuses its email search input.
 - Added a new dialog for Remove License confirmation.
 - Updated "Terms of Service" terminology to "Terms of Use" product-wide.
 - Updated **Account Settings** terminology to **Settings**.

>  - Added Accept-Language header to generate link previews in the Default Server language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Added Accept-Language header to generate link previews in the default Server language.
```

 - Added a new modal for the upload license workflow in the **System Console > Edition and License** page.

>  - The "Invite Members" button is now hidden when the Direct Message category is collapsed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The **Invite Members** button is now hidden when the Direct Message category is collapsed.
```

#### Administration

>  - Plugins are re-initialized only when Plugin related config changes happen. This improves performance by avoiding plugin initialization which is quite costly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Plugins are re-initialized only when Plugin-related configuration changes happen. This improves performance by avoiding costly plugin initialization.
```

>  - Added server support for receiving binary (messagepack encoded) websocket messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Added server support for receiving binary (messagepack-encoded) websocket messages.
```

 - Removed dead struct ``ManifestExecutables``.
 - Added new flag ``showTeamSidebar`` in ``registerProducts``, which, when set to ``true``, displays the team sidebar in the product.

>  - Increased key length in plugin KV store to 150.

Reviewer 2: It is generally understood what a plugin KV store is?

>  - Admins are now able to upgrade the server to the enterprise version and request the trial license with a single button click enhancing product adoption by an improved user experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - System Admins are now able to upgrade the server to the Enterprise edition and request the trial license with a single click for a simplified user experience.
```

>  - Added support for exporting and importing the type and ``edit_at`` of a post.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Added support for exporting and importing the post type and ``edit_at`` post details.
```

Reviewer 2: It isn't clear what "edit_at" post data refers to specifically. Is it possible to elaborate a bit further on this one to communicate the value of the change to users?

 - Added support for ``postgresql`` schema designator.

>  - A new schema migrations system was added.

Author: Let me know if some / none of these are not needed for cloud changelog.

Reviewer: I don't know the details but they all seem specific to self-hosted admins.

Perhaps the first bullet point would be if we rephrase it to

```
Improved plugins performance by re-initializing only when Plugin related config changes happen.
```

Reviewer 3: Yes, it's mainly pertitent to self-hosted admins. We will provide an exhaustive note during the on-prem release.

### Bug Fixes

>  - Fixed an issue where when clicking the Upgrade to Enterprise Edition button, the upgrade progress bar and the restart button were no longer shown once the progress reached 100%.

Reviewer: Doesn't impact Cloud

Reviewer: Generally any related to upgrades or licensing does not apply to Cloud

>  - Fixed an issue where when clicking the Upgrade to Enterprise Edition button, the upgrade progress bar and the restart button were no longer shown once the progress reached 100%.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where when selecting the **Upgrade to Enterprise Edition** button. The upgrade progress bar and the **Restart** button were no longer shown once the progress reached 100%.
```

>  - Fixed an issue where the user avatar wasn’t removed from the participants list after the user’s post was deleted and they had no other posts in the thread.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the user avatar wasn’t removed from the participants list after the user’s only post in a thread was deleted.
```
